well howdy there Internet people let's
bow again so today we're going to talk
about origin stories blame and
irrelevant discussions so every villain
needs an origin story right I mean
that's that's screenwriting 101
every villain needs an origin story the
current worldwide villain the general
consensus is that it originated in a
market now if you've missed the news US
intelligence has not ruled out that it
leaked out of a lab they're looking into
a unverified report and they've gone out
of their way now to say that you know
it's premature to say anything blah blah
blah blah but they had already said that
already planted the seeds of the story
I've had people from both sides both
both camps you know people who think it
originated in the market people who
think it originated in a lab smart
people try to convince me of their
theory and they both said the same thing
they're like you're being very
dismissive of this why are you ignoring
this because I don't care that's that's
the simplest most direct answer I don't
care I don't care for a number of
reasons one I think this debate this
discussion only benefits those people in
power in countries that bungled the
response it's the only only people with
helps you know they messed it up now
they need somebody to blame who better
than a foreign country it's really that
simple I also think it's kind of
irrelevant and I don't think it's a good
use of our time because it doesn't
change anything let's say for example
later today news breaks that it came
from a lab cool does that mean you
stopped washing your hands you go out
and lick a doorknob of course not
doesn't change anything right now we
should be focused on mitigation we're
having a hard enough time with that as
it is I don't know that we need to be
distracted
I would also point out to the
Conservatives who are watching us
because it is generally conservatives
who go with the lab theory not always
but generally you may not want to do
that that may not be a good argument to
push because again for the sake of
argument let's just say yeah sure that's
where it came from
what's the response well we have to make
sure it doesn't happen again absolutely
so we have to increase security of bsl-4
facilities okay
there's 50 of them all over the world
who would do the best job overseeing
that that's not a question who the World
Health Organization would do the best
job overseeing that the organization
that Donald Trump is currently
withholding funds from I'm not sure this
is a theory you want to push in order to
save his career that doesn't seem like
it's gonna go the way you think it will
I would suggest that we worry more about
saving lives than saving political
careers at this point this isn't over
and since we're talking about things
that haven't been ruled out I would
point out there's a whole lot of people
going around right now that's like well
I found out I had antibodies that
doesn't mean that you're immune
that doesn't mean leader immune it could
mean that it could but we don't know
that yet it could mean that you're just
gonna have a better chance of fighting
it off next time or it could be nothing
we're still early in this fight we don't
have a lot of information that it's a
dangerous belief because if you believe
simply because you have antibodies that
you're immune totally immune you may not
be taking the precautions you should
right now despite the reopening the
ill-advised re-openings we're still in
this fight and it's it's gonna go on I
think we should focus on that
we can worry about where it originated
and how to solve that problem at a later
date right now the people who are
currently in jeopardy most immediate
need first they're the most immediate
need we have we have to mitigate still
that doesn't mean don't look into it
because if it did come from there yeah
we need to beef up security we need to
raise international standards I would
point out that other leaks like that
have happened one country the United
States mailed vials live samples
everywhere accidentally another country
well actually that was also the United
States left vials in a cardboard box
just like unsecured because why not a
human error is a thing even in labs like
that so we probably should look into
raising security standards there that's
probably a good idea but right now
rather than trying to find a scapegoat
we need to find a solution anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good night